1 . travAcser side:
there is an earning tab below. what is the use of it. it shows coming soon. but we have completed all 10 milestones. Instead of earning tab, it should be trip history, and should contain the completed trips. 
2 . when I click on my trips, it shows you don't have access to do that. what does that mean? it should show me the trip I have accepted and trips that are currently active for me. 
3. After I accepted the trip, it just disappeared. now, i don't see it anywehere. so, where will i input otp, track it etc. it is not complete. There should be the active trip where i have option to input otp, after otp is matched, trip should auto start. option to end trip. option to rate trip (in trip history). option to confirm payment received?

On the user side:
1 . I come and see that the trip is assigned. I can see the travAcser name and his phone number. But I don't see the otp to be shared. 
2 . where are the options to start or end trip? I don't see it. option to confirm payment done. 
3 . when I click on trip history, I see coming soon. why coming soon? haven't we already completed all this. it should be like no trip history if the user has not completed yet. 

Some general concerns:
1. service area should reword to your city/location
2. in the request form, remove the landmark field. don't give an option to select male or female travAcser, instead just put a dropped down  Gender preference (Strictly same gender preferred/ same gender preferred, comfortable with any, Comfortable with any). 
3. For incrementing and decrementing the travAcser count, don't put a button but put a seek bar. 
4. if there are more than one users, we just need the details of the user who is initiating the trip. he will be soully reliable for the trip and to make the full payment. so, we just need the other users count if they are incremented. You can put a label in the any special requirement option field to specify any gender preference about the travAcser and all. just a small area area label there. so, that users can specify it there. 

They are very major bugs, not even bugs but implementation gap. pls resolve them. 
